Proposal.md, before:

# Mock Bank System

### Description and Motivation
With the idea of this project we want to create a mock bank system. Giving a user the ability to either create an account or login. The user will be given an account number and then have access to different functions such as withdraw money, deposit money and check balance. This will also include a simple GUI to go along with it. The reason behind this project is to build something that has real world application and could eventually be built into something useful and effective.

### Prior Art
Many iterations of bank account management systems exist everywhere, but how they are built is mostly unknown by the public. We want to create our own just to give a concept idea of how those might be built.

### Core User Workflow
- Account Creation/Login: A option to login to an existing account, create a new one or delete an existing account. 
- Account viewer: Since we are using a banking system we will need to add multiple options for a user to interact with. These options would include deposit, withdraw, history of transactions, and a saving account viewer.
- Saving System: Will help a user to save an specified amount of money per deposit.

### Daily Goals
**Tuesday: Creating base functions and user account creation**
- We are creating the user interface to which the user has an interactive system and will be able to create an account.

**Wednesday: Setting up initial database and saving function**
- Allowing all information with accounts and balances and such into a SQL database. Also while adding our savings features.

**Thursday: Drying up code and bug fixes(Potential for GUI implementation)**
- Review over all code checking for errors and specific things that need tweaking or fixing to prevent bugs. Possibility for adding a GUI if time allows.

### Students
- Ethan
- Sean

### GitHub Repository

https://github.com/BaseCampCoding/unit-project-2-ethan-sean.git

Commit message:

fixed implementation and work split

Proposal.md, after:

# Mock Bank System

### Description and Motivation
With the idea of this project we want to create a mock bank system. Giving a user the ability to either create an account or login. The user will be given an account number and then have access to different functions such as withdraw money, deposit money and check balance. This will also include a simple GUI to go along with it. The reason behind this project is to build something that has real world application and could eventually be built into something useful and effective.

### Prior Art
Many iterations of bank account management systems exist everywhere, but how they are built is mostly unknown by the public. We want to create our own just to give a concept idea of how those might be built.

### Core User Workflow
- Account Creation/Login: A option to login to an existing account, create a new one or delete an existing account. 
- Account viewer: Since we are using a banking system we will need to add multiple options for a user to interact with. These options would include deposit, withdraw, history of transactions, and a saving account viewer.
- Saving System: Will help a user to save an specified amount of money per deposit.

### Daily Goals
**Tuesday: Creating base functions and user account creation**
- We are creating the user interface to which the user has an interactive system and will be able to create an account.
#### Implementaion
- A user class, account class, Users Database, User Input setup.

**Wednesday: Setting up initial database and saving function**
- Allowing all information with accounts and balances and such into a SQL database. Also while adding our savings features.
#### Implementation
- Table for account information, Savings account creation, giving user an option on what specific amount they are wanting to save. Then taking that amount to and adding it to savings balance (i.e. savings table)
##### Work Split
- Ethan: Account Information Table, user IO
- Sean: Savings Account Table, math functions

**Thursday: Drying up code and bug fixes(Potential for GUI implementation)**
- Review over all code checking for errors and specific things that need tweaking or fixing to prevent bugs. Possibility for adding a GUI if time allows.
#### Implementation
- If time allows add GUI. Fixing any and all bugs plus tidying up code.
Ethan: First code review and start on GUI
Sean: Final code review and touch up on GUI

### Students
- Ethan
- Sean

### GitHub Repository

https://github.com/BaseCampCoding/unit-project-2-ethan-sean.git
